# Changelog v0.1.1

## About

We’ve made substantial updates to the miner-validator pair, streamlined launching, added a launcher utility, and improved the subnet voting mechanism. Our aim is to make mining on Commune easy and provide a safe, accessible subnet for users. We also want to maintain some churn to allow new users to join and prevent incumbents from dominating the network.

## Patch Notes

### Fixes

- Validator calls to miners now resolve correctly, fixing conflicts between the module import method and HTTP method.
- Launching validators and miners is now consistently functional and streamlined.

### Changes

- Simplified validator code with a more streamlined inheritance chain for stability. Future designs will focus on modular APIs and RPC calls to the chain.
- Validation now uses a scaled rank system considering previous weights and current stake, replacing simple sentiment analysis.
- Previous ranking now boosts users who provided miners in the last vote. A diminishing scale on this boost is being considered to prevent immovable incumbents.
- Added a weight modifier based on stake to encourage server investment, rewarding higher stakes with more rewards.
- Removed multiple launching options, simplifying it to a regular Python command. Import the Miner or Validator class and the appropriate Settings class, then execute the Python script.
- Updated the [README](../README.md) and added a FAQ to address common questions.

### Features

- Added a launcher utility for Linux users. Execute these commands:
  
bash Copy code```
chmod +x launch.sh
bash launch.sh```

Ensure you have a key in ~/.commune/key with a balance to cover the stake and fees.

- Added testing to the core repo for a solid foundation.

### Questions and Feedback

For questions or feedback, join us in the eden-10 channel on Discord. Please be patient as we are a small team.